Misc fixes (#365)
openSUSE/zypper: doc/zypper.8.d/option_Solver_Flags_Common.txt

*--debug-solver*::

> 	Create solver test case for debugging. Use this option, if you think the dependencies were not solved all right. When using this option no packages will be installed or removed. Instead a solver test case is written to /var/log/zypper.solverTestCase. You can pack the directory and attach it to your bug report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Create solver test case for debugging. Use this option if you think the dependencies were not solved correctly. When using this option no packages will be installed or removed. Instead a solver test case is written to /var/log/zypper.solverTestCase. You can pack the directory and attach it to your bug report.
```
